.TH CPED 1 "Jul 2011" "cped"

.SH NAME
cped - Pacemaker Cloud High Availability Management Daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cped [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This daemon maintains high availability of deployables in the system.  A
deployable is a collection of assemblies that serve a common purpose, such
as providing an end'user web service.  Assemblies are a composition of
a virtual machine base install, Matahari monitoring and control agents, and
user defined application resources.

The default options will result in a working system.  These options are
typically meant for developers.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "\-d [ \-\-daemon ]"
Run as a daemon by detaching from the local terminal.

.TP
.B "\-h [ \-\-help ]"
Display options to the cped daemon.

.TP
.B "\-b [ \-\-broker ]"
Specify the qpidd broker host name.  Currently this option is not meant to
be used, since only single node is currently supported.

.TP
.B "\-p [ \-\-port ]"
Specify the qpidd port over which to communicate.

.TP
.B "\-g [ \-\-gssapi ]"
Force GSSAPI authentication when communicating with other processes in the 
system including Matahari agents.

.TP
.B "\-u [ \-\-username ]"
Specify the username to use when communicating with other processes in the
system including Matahari agents.

.TP
.B "\-p [ \-\-password ]"
Specify the password to use when communicating with other processes in the
system including Matahari agents.

.TP
.B "\-p [ \-\-service ]"
Specify the service to use when communicating with other processes in the
system including Matahari agents.

.SH SEE ALSO
dped(1), vmlauncher(1), pcloudsh(1), pacemaker_cloud_overview(8), pacemaker_cloud_example(8)

.SH AUTHORS
Angus Salkeld <asalkeld@redhat.com>
Steven Dake <sdake@redhat.com>
