.TH DPED 1 "Jul 2011" "dped"

.SH NAME
dped - Deployable Policy Engine

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dped [OPTIONS] <deployable-uuid>

.SH DESCRIPTION
This daemon maintains the high availability of assemblies and resources
in a deployable. dped will restart assemblies using vmlauncher and
restart resources using Matahari. dped will also generate QMF events
for all of these conditions (resource/assembly failure and restart).

The default options will result in a working system.  These options are
typically meant for developers.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "\-d [ \-\-daemon ]"
Run as a daemon by detaching from the local terminal.

.TP
.B "\-h [ \-\-help ]"
Display options to the dped daemon.

.TP
.B "\-b [ \-\-broker ]"
Specify the qpidd broker host name.  Currently this option is not meant to
be used, since only single node is currently supported.

.TP
.B "\-p [ \-\-port ]"
Specify the qpidd port over which to communicate.

.TP
.B "\-g [ \-\-gssapi ]"
Force GSSAPI authentication when communicating with other processes in the
system including Matahari agents.

.TP
.B "\-u [ \-\-username ]"
Specify the username to use when communicating with other processes in the
system including Matahari agents.

.TP
.B "\-p [ \-\-password ]"
Specify the password to use when communicating with other processes in the
system including Matahari agents.

.TP
.B "\-p [ \-\-service ]"
Specify the service to use when communicating with other processes in the
system including Matahari agents.

.SH SEE ALSO
cped(1). vmlauncher(1), pcloudsh(1), pacemaker_cloud_overview(8), pacemaker_cloud_example(8)

.SH AUTHORS
Angus Salkeld <asalkeld@redhat.com>
