.TH PACEMAKER_CLOUD_OVERVIEW 8 "Jul 2011" "pacemaker_cloud_overview"

.SH NAME
pacemaker_cloud_overview - Pacemaker Cloud High Availability Overview

.SH DESCRIPTION
The pacemaker cloud project  provides high levels of service availability
for high scale cloud deployments.  Our approach to high availability is to
detect failures, isolate failures, followed by restart of the failed
components. When repeated component failures occur the software escalates
those failures into failures of higher level components.

.SH MODEL
.B "assembly"
An assembly is a virtual machine image with active monitoring provided by
Matahari.  Matahari monitors resources such as httpd.

.B "deployable"
A deployable is a collection of assemblies that serve a common task.  An example
would be a collection of 3 images with one database, one web server, and one
JBOSS server.

.B "resource"
An applicaton contained inside an assembly which is monitored and recovered
in the event of failure.

.B "jeos"
A JEOS is an acronym meaning Just Enough Operating System.  It is the bare image
necessary to boot an image in a libvirt managed cloud environment.

.B "pcloudsh"
The pcloudsh is a test harness which also provides user functionality for
executing the behavior of the system.  This component would be an integration
point for other cloud infrastructure software.

.B "vmlauncher"
The vmlauncher is a simple test harness daemon which launches assemblies on
the local node.

.B "cped"
The Cloud Policy Engine Daemon launches a dped process for each deployable to
manage the state of the deployable and ensure it remains as available as
possible.

.B "dped"
The Deployable Policy Engine Daemon instructs vmlauncher to launch virtual
machines (assemblies).  Once those assemblies are launched the application
state and virtual machine state is monitored by Matahari.  If a failure of
an application or virtual machine is detected, it is restarted.

.SH FEATURES AVALABLE TODAY
.B "Active monitoring and recovery of application failure"
The software actively monitors resources using Matahari such as httpd and
restarts them if they fail.

.B "Active monitoring and recovery of assembly failure"
The software actively monitors assemblies using Matahari and restarts them if
they fail.

.B "Active monitoring and recovery of deployable failure"
The software actvel montors for a deployable failure and restarts them if
they fail.

.SH FEATURES PLANNED FOR THE FUTURE
.B "Recovery escalation"
The developers plan to add support for recovery escalation.  Recovery
escalation works by escalating a lower level repetitive component failure into
a higher level recovery action.  For example, if httpd fails 5 times in 1 hour,
the software terminates the containing assembly and restarts it.  If that
assembly then has repeated failures, the software would terminate the assembly
and escalate the recovery by restarting the containing deployable.  If the 
deployable fails repeatedly, the deployable is relocated to a different cloud
provider.

.B "Integraton with cloud management software"
The developers intend to integrate with cloud management software such as
Aeolus http://www.aeolus.org

.SH LIMITATONS
Pacemaker Cloud is demo-grade software using best known practices for 
providing high levels of service availablity in a cloud environment.  Because
of lacking integraton with cloud management software, we are not yet able to
run assemblies on multple nodes or external cloud providers.

.SH WEBSITE
http://www.pacemaker-cloud.org

.SH SEE ALSO
cped(1). dped(1), vmlauncher(1), pcloudsh(1)

.SH AUTHORS
Steven Dake <sdake@redhat.com>
Angus Salkeld <asalkeld@redhat.com>
