.TH PACEMAKER_CLOUD_EXAMPLE 8 "Aug 2011" "pacemaker_cloud_example"

.SH NAME
pacemaker_cloud_example - Pacemaker Cloud Usage Example

.SH DESCRIPTION
The pacemaker cloud project provides high levels of service availability
for high scale cloud deployments.  This example uses the concepts
described in the pacemaker_cloud_overview(8), to create a highly
available cloud deployment.

.SH SETUP
Ensure the pcloud\-cped service is started, using for example:
.br
systemctl start pcloud\-cped.service
.PP
Ensure a compatible OS image is available, for example:
.br
/var/lib/libvirt/images/Fedora\-14\-x86_64\-DVD.iso

.SH PCLOUDSH
Start the pcloudsh(1) command as root,
and enter the following pcloudsh commands:
.PP
.nf
jeos_create F14 x86_64
assembly_create assy1 F14 x86_64
assembly_clone assy1 assy2
assembly_clone assy1 assy3
assembly_resource_add httpdone httpd assy1
assembly_resource_add httpdtwo httpd assy2
assembly_resource_add httpdthree httpd assy3
deployable_create dep1
deployable_assembly_add dep1 assy1
deployable_assembly_add dep1 assy2
deployable_assembly_add dep1 assy3
deployable_start dep1

.SH AVAILABILITY TESTING
Keep pcloudsh running to verify that appropriate events
are reported for the following operations:
.PP
.B Resource restart
.PP
Log in to one of the assemblies (the default root password is "password")
and stop httpd.  Verify that httpd is restarted via pacemaker\-cloud.
.PP
.B Assembly restart
.PP
Open the virtual machine manager GUI and use the "force off"
functionality on a virtual machine (assembly).  The virtual machine manager
should display that the assembly is restarted.  Log in to the restarted
virtual machine and verify httpd was restarted properly too.

.SH TROUBLESHOOTING
Ensure TCP port 49000 is not blocked by your firewall.
Ensure SELinux is setup appropriately or disabled.

.SH WEBSITE
http://www.pacemaker\-cloud.org/

.SH SEE ALSO
cped(1), dped(1), vmlauncher(1), pcloudsh(1), pacemaker_cloud_overview(8)

.SH AUTHORS
Pádraig Brady <P@draigBrady.com>
Steven Dake <sdake@redhat.com>
Angus Salkeld <asalkeld@redhat.com>
