.TH PCLOUDSH 1 "Jul 2011" "pcloudsh"

.SH NAME
plcoudsh - Pacemaker Cloud High Availability Cloud Shell

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pcloudsh [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command allows configuration, launching, and monitoring of assemblies and
resources using Pacemaker Cloud.

To configure Pacemaker Cloud, a deployable must be created.  A deployable
is a collection of assemblies.  Assemblies are formed from JEOS (just enough
operating system) images.  The first step is to create a JEOS image for a 
specific distribution.  An assembly is then created from a JEOS image source
and includes end-user applications that should be monitored.  Resources are
configured for an assembly.  The assebles are added to a deployable.

To launch deployables, the deployable_start command should be used.

After a deployable is launched, any changes in its state, such as a failure of
a resource or assembly will be displayed in the shell.  When a resource
or assembly is recovered, the shell will display these events.

The pcloudsh tool offers a command line operating mode as well as a shell mode.
The tool contains built-in help for each command.  The pcloudsh tool must be
run as root, as it creates QEMU images.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "jeos_create <F14|F15|rhel61> <x86_64>"

Create a JEOS image

The jeos_create action creates a "(J)ust (E)nough (O)perating (S)ystem" image
file.  This step should only be done once at initialization and can take up
to 30 minutes to complete.  The current JEOS image types supported are either
Fedora 14, 15, Fedora 16, or RHEL6.1.  The only supported architecture is
x86_64.

.TP
.B "jeos_list"

Lists the currently configured JEOS images

.TP
.B "assembly_create <assembly_name> <F14|F15|rhel61 <x86_64>"

Create an assembly

The assembly_create action creates an assembly from the JEOS base image.
Some post processing is done of the assembly image to ensure it will boot
such as changing its mac address.  A new mac address is randomly generated
for the new assembly.

.TP
.B "assembly_clone <original_assembly> <new_assembly>"

Clones an assembly

The assembly_clone action creates a copy of the original assembly.  Some
post processing is done of the assembly image to ensure it will boot such
as changing its mac address.  A new mac address is randomly generated
for the clone.

.TP
.B "assembly_delete <assembly_name>'"

Delete an existing assembly

The assembly_delete action deletes the named assembly.  No error checking is
done to ensure it is not already part of an deployable.  Use this command with
caution.

.TP
.B "assembly_list"

List the assemblies

The assembly_list action lists all assemblies in the database.

.TP
.B "assembly_resource_add <resource name> <resource template> <assembly_name>

Add a resource to an assembly

.TP
.B "assembly_resource_list <assembly_name>"

List resources for an assembly

.TP
.B "assembly_resource_remove <resource name> <assembly_name>"

Remove a resource from an assembly

.TP
.B "deployable_assembly_add <deployable_name> <assembly_name>"

Add an assembly to a deployable

The deployable_assembly_add action adds the assembly <assembly_name> to the
deployable <deployable_name> and stores it in the pcloudsh database.

pcloudsh# help deployable_assembly_remove

.TP
.B "deployable_assembly_remove <deployable_name> <assembly_name>'"

Remove an assembly from a deployable

The deployable_assembly_remove action removes an existing assembly
<assembly_name> from an existing deployable <deployable_name> and stores
it in the pcloudsh database.

.TP
.B "deployable_create <deployable_name>"

Create a new deployable

The deployable_create action creates a new deployable and stores it in the
pcloudsh database.

.TP
.B "deployable_list <deployable_list>"

List all existing deployables

The deployable_list action lists all deployables registered in the pcloudsh
database.

.TP
.B "deployable_start <deployable_name>"

Start a new deployable

The deployable_start action starts a new deployable in the system

.TP
.B "deployable_status <deployable_name>"

Get the status of a deployable

The deployable_status action queries a deployable in the system

.TP
.B "deployable_stop <deployable_name>

Stop a new deployable"

The deployable_stop action stops a deployable in the system

.SH AUTHORS
Steven Dake <sdake@redhat.com>
Angus Salkeld <asalkeld@redhat.com>
